How it all started? That's a big question.
I think everybody
has like a different start
to how they got to this one place
where we all kind of got together
to create BLACKPINK.
But me, personally,
I came through just a simple audition
and ended up practicing
at YG Entertainment
for about four years, I think it was.
I'm the newest member
out of all four of us.
All I remember is practicing a lot,
having a very strong drive,
and a big goal ahead of us.
It took a long time, but we made it
and we debuted as BLACKPINK.
YG's new girl group BLACKPINK
set a new record
by reaching number one
in a network television music program
in just 14 days after their debut.
They have 27 videos,
including the music video
for "DDU-DU DDU-DU,"
with hundreds of millions of views…
Setting various records…
Surpassing the global pop stars…
DAY 319
What is in store…
BLACKPINK is finally having
their first concert in Jamsil
in their second year since their debut…
-Hello, we are BLACKPINK.
BLACKPINK started off their world tour
with their first concert.
January 31st, 2021, BLACKPINK celebrates
the 5th anniversary of their debut.
They welcome fans around the world
with online concerts…
Our next guests are multi-platinum selling
and chart-topping K-pop girl group
you know.
Please welcome BLACKPINK!
BLACKPINK THE MOVIE
Fans around the world are looking forward
to seeing BLACKPINK in person
to celebrate their 5th anniversary.